Edited documentation about proxy-envs usage (#404) (#1257)
encode/httpx: docs/environment_variables.md

SSL_CERT_DIR=/path/to/ca-certs/ python -c "import httpx; httpx.get('https://example.com')"
```

## Proxies

The environment variables documented below are used as a convention by various HTTP tooling, including:

* [cURL](https://github.com/curl/curl/blob/master/docs/MANUAL.md#environment-variables)
* [requests](https://github.com/psf/requests/blob/master/docs/user/advanced.rst#proxies)

For more information on using proxies in HTTPX, see [HTTP Proxying](/advanced/#http-proxying).

### `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, `ALL_PROXY`

Valid values: A URL to a proxy

`HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, `ALL_PROXY` set the proxy to be used for `http`, `https`, or all requests respectively.

```bash
export HTTP_PROXY=http://my-external-proxy.com:1234

# This request will be sent through the proxy
python -c "import httpx; httpx.get('http://example.com')"

> # This request will be sent directly, as we set `trus_env=False`

Reviewer: Small typo :-)

```suggestion
# This request will be sent directly, as we set `trust_env=False`
```

SSL_CERT_DIR=/path/to/ca-certs/ python -c "import httpx; httpx.get('https://example.com')"
```

> `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, `ALL_PROXY`, `NO_PROXY`

Reviewer: We might want to consider using a separate section for `NO_PROXY` (?), since it actually accepts a comma-separated list of URLs, and those URLs denote hosts, rather than proxies.

We have shared information about proxies in the existing section for now, but it's perfectly possible to move that as an introduction to a general "Proxies" section in this docs page.

So we can consider a structure like this…

```markdown
# Environment Variables

…

## Proxies

The environment variables documented below are used as a convention by various HTTP tooling, including:

* [cURL](https://github.com/curl/curl/blob/master/docs/MANUAL.md#environment-variables)
* [requests](https://github.com/psf/requests/blob/master/docs/user/advanced.rst#proxies)

For more information on using proxies in HTTPX, see [HTTP Proxying](/advanced/#http-proxying).

### `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, `ALL_PROXY`

Valid values: A URL to a proxy

...

### `NO_PROXY`

Valid values: a comma-separated list of hostnames
...
```

What do you think?

Reviewer: By the way — I pushed https://github.com/encode/httpx/pull/1260 that we should review and merge before-hand so we can use the `###` style of headers on this page, like we do everywhere else. Happy to take reviews!

Author: Changed the doc according your comment.

Thank you for the advice about the splitting the paragraph into two

----------------------------------------

Valid values: A URL to a proxy

`HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, `ALL_PROXY` set the proxy to be used for `http`, `https`, or all requests respectively.

`NO_PROXY` disables the proxy for specific urls

```bash
export HTTP_PROXY=http://my-external-proxy.com:1234
export NO_PROXY=http://127.0.0.1,python-httpx.org

# This request will be sent through the proxy
python -c "import httpx; httpx.get('http://example.com')"

> # This request will be sent directly, bypassing the proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# These requests will be sent directly, bypassing the proxy
```

python -c "import httpx; httpx.get('http://127.0.0.1:5000/my-api')"
python -c "import httpx; httpx.get('https://www.python-httpx.org')"

# This request will be sent directly, as we set `trus_env=False`
python -c "import httpx; httpx.get('http://example.com', trust_env=False)"
```

For more information on using proxies in HTTPX, see [HTTP Proxying](/advanced/#http-proxying).

> The other tools compatible with these variables convention: [cURL](https://github.com/curl/curl/blob/master/docs/MANUAL.md#environment-variables),
> [requests](https://github.com/psf/requests/blob/master/docs/user/advanced.rst#proxies).

Reviewer: I think the main idea is there (namely "these env vars are conventional"), but leaving a copy improvement suggestion below:

```suggestion
These environment variables are used as a convention by various HTTP tooling, including:

* [cURL](https://github.com/curl/curl/blob/master/docs/MANUAL.md#environment-variables)
* [requests](https://github.com/psf/requests/blob/master/docs/user/advanced.rst#proxies)
```
